README.md, before:

[Swarm Simulator](http://erosson.github.io/swarm/)
==================================================

Starting with only a few larvae and a small pile of meat, build a merciless swarm of trillions of giant bugs.

Built with love using
[Coffeescript](http://coffeescript.org),
[AngularJS](https://angularjs.org),
[Yeoman](http://yeoman.io)'s [generator-angular](https://github.com/yeoman/generator-angular),
and [other libraries](https://github.com/erosson/swarm/blob/master/bower.json)
packaged by [Bower](http://bower.io/).
Inspired by [the best Starcraft race](http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/game/race/zerg/).

[Spreadsheet with game data](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FgPdB1RzwCvK_gvfFuf0SU9dWJbAmYtewF8A-4SEIZM/pubhtml),
imported by [Tabletop](https://github.com/jsoma/tabletop).
[Edit it, if you think you can](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FgPdB1RzwCvK_gvfFuf0SU9dWJbAmYtewF8A-4SEIZM/edit "spoiler: you can't").

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/erosson/swarm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/erosson/swarm)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/erosson/swarm.svg)](https://david-dm.org/erosson/swarm)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/erosson/swarm/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/erosson/swarm#info=devDependencies)

Commit message:

readme links to new prod deployment, among other things. #28

README.md, after:

[Swarm Simulator](https://swarmsim.github.io/)
==============================================

Starting with only a few larvae and a small pile of meat, build a merciless swarm of trillions of giant bugs.

Built with love by Evan Rosson using
[Coffeescript](http://coffeescript.org),
[AngularJS](https://angularjs.org),
[Yeoman](http://yeoman.io)'s [generator-angular](https://github.com/yeoman/generator-angular),
and [other libraries](https://github.com/erosson/swarm/blob/master/bower.json)
packaged by [Bower](http://bower.io/).
Inspired by [the best Starcraft race](http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/game/race/zerg/ "I haven't violated copyright I think, please don't sue me Blizz").

Dev resources:
* [Spreadsheet with game data](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FgPdB1RzwCvK_gvfFuf0SU9dWJbAmYtewF8A-4SEIZM/pubhtml),
imported by [Tabletop](https://github.com/jsoma/tabletop).
[Edit it, if you think you can](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FgPdB1RzwCvK_gvfFuf0SU9dWJbAmYtewF8A-4SEIZM/edit "spoiler: you can't").
* [Production deployment](https://swarmsim.github.io/),
and corresponding [autogenerated repository](https://swarmsim.github.io/ "grunt deploy-prod").
* [Staging (test) deployment](https://erosson.github.io/swarm/),
and corresponding [autogenerated gh-pages branch](https://github.com/erosson/swarm/tree/gh-pages "grunt deploy-staging").
* [Google Analytics](https://erosson.github.io/swarm://www.google.com/analytics/web/?hl=en#report/visitors-overview/a53523462w86246489p89488811/) >
[realtime stats](https://www.google.com/analytics/web/?hl=en#realtime/rt-overview/a53523462w86246489p89488811/).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/erosson/swarm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/erosson/swarm)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/erosson/swarm.svg)](https://david-dm.org/erosson/swarm)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/erosson/swarm/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/erosson/swarm#info=devDependencies)
